Version 3.8.0
New: In Reports: tabl;e alias is used to enable multiple instances of the same table.
Enhanced: In Reports: Select lists for related tables and fields.
Fixed: Import to table now uses table name instead of alias.

Version 3.7.2
Fixed: When writing to log location doesn't work, the log location is adjusted to Documents\Sequenchel\LOG

Version 3.7.1
New: Shutdown timer to close Sequenchel after a period of inactivity.
Enhanced: The Tab order has been made more intuitive.
Enhanced: improved logging and status messages.
Enhanced: Added sorting of tables and fields to Reports.
Fixed: SmartUpdate can now handle NULL values when comparing data.
Fixed: In some cases the override password was removed when saving other settings.
Fixed: Updating a saved search would show the search multiple times in the list.
Fixed: Removing values from settings could result in an error.
Fixed: Mousewheel now scrolls fields and labels simultaniously on main screen.
Fixed: Sequenchel no longer crashes if duplicate names are used in a report.
Fixed: Sequenchel can now save config files over an UNC path.

Version 3.7.0
New: Added Commandline options to export a report or import a file without user intervention.
New: Export to CSV (txt) option.
New: Import XML files option.
New: Import CSV (txt) files option.
New: Added the option to email reports.
Enhanced: Sequenchel has been rewritten for better performance and to facilitate adding new options
Fixed: Importing Excel sheets with empty values now works correctly.

Version 3.6.0
New: Added SmartUpdate for easy Datawarehouse building.
New: Import file can import multiple sheets from 1 Excel file at once. Upload to database per sheet is possible.
Enhanced: If no path is provided, config files are saved to the default config file location.
Enhanced: Create Schedule can now create a schedule without jobstep (for SmartUpdate).
Fixed: Updating a relation to "no connected field" now works.
Fixed: Deleting an existing relation now works.
Fixed: Database log path retrieval for SQL older than 2012 (2005 and up) now works.
Fixed: Deleting an item after pressing "Clear" does no longer delete previously selected item.
Fixed: Pressing Clear now also clears related lookup fields.
Fixed: Settings screen now always shows correct logging path.

Version 3.5.1
New: Added an Import option for transferring data from a file into a database table.
New: Doubleclick on the upper left corner in a report will resize all columns fo fit the data.
New: Added a description field to the report definition.
New: Search in tables using space (AND/fuzzy) or comma (OR/precise) to separate multiple search terms.
New: Option to add YearStart(), YearEnd() as filteroptions to a report.
New: Option to add (YEAR,x), (MONTH,x), (DAY,x), (HOUR,x), (MINUTE,x), (SECOND,x), (MILLISECOND,x) to datetime filters in reports.
New: Imported file can be exported as XML.
New: Added a "Show all fields" option in Reports.
Enhanced: Replaced Report display procedure making it faster.
Enhanced: In reporting, when using a fuzzy search (LIKE) you can now also use * instead of %.
Enhanced: Linked Server name check before loading to prevent crash in case of badly formatted datasource.
Enhanced: Export to Excel and XML now includes NULL values correctly.
Enhanced: Added SQL Server 2016 to the list of Server Monitoring.
Fixed: Time formatting is now linked to chosen date format.
Fixed: Loading a report while the referenced table or field is not present gives a warning instead of an error.
Fixed: Importing a report definition with an existing name no longer gives an error.
fixed: If a path for saving files does not exist it is now created automatically.

Version 3.5.0
New: Option to export or import Report Definition.
New: Added select options for Date/Time SQL functions.
New: Option to add Now(), Date(), Time(), MonthStart(), MonthEnd(), WeekStart() and WeekEnd() as filteroptions to a report.
New: Option to convert all output to text when exporting to to Excel.
New: In Reports the join to a related table can contain a query when using parentheses.
New: Sequenchel now provides Stored Procedures for FTP upload and download.
Enhanced: In Reports the mousewheel now scrolls the report definition and not the report selection.
Enhanced: Reports are sorted alfabetically.
Fixed: Adding and removing relations (Configuration) now works as intended.
Fixed: DataType of additional filters is now preserved.
Fixed: DataHandler XML search methods could give wrong XML node.

Version 3.4.0
New: Added Export to Excel option.
New: Added the option to automatically add the current date to the name of the export file.
New: The query engine is now able to build a HAVING clause.
New: Added Scheduled Job monitoring.
New: Added Minimum and Maximum Server memory to the Server Monitoring
New: Related fields can now be used to lookup identifiers.
New: Replaced lookup fields with enhanced search options.
Enhanced: Report buttons Add/Update/Delete now autosave any changes. OK and Apply buttons have been removed.
Enhanced: Configuration buttons Add/Update/Delete now autosave any changes. OK and Apply buttons have been removed.
Enhanced: Filters without filter mode will default to "AND"
Enhanced: Selected connection and table is remembered when switching windows, allowing for multiple report windows.
Fixed: Reports with "AND NOT" or "" as first filter mode no longer fail.
Fixed: Creating a scheduled job would point to a connection database instead of the main database.
Fixed: Main buttons now stay on the right side when screen size grows.
Fixed: Export to XML needs a declaration for opening the file in Excel.
Fixed: XML retrieval now gets whole XML instead of first 200 characters.

Version 3.3.0
New: Added the option to select multiple fields at once to add to or remove from Reporting.
New: Added a maximum column width of 300 for reporting to prevent really wide columns.
New: You can choose the default formatting style for datetime data type.
Enhanced: Added more data types for correct conversions.
Enhanced: Added lots of fields to database monitoring.
Enhanced: Updated the templates to reflect the new data types.
Enhanced: Rewrote the query engine to format data according to data type.
Enhanced: You cannot enter the (auto)identifier value when adding a new item to the database.
Fixed: command line parameters interpretation could sometimes be mixed up.
Fixed: Checkbox field no longer turns white when changing values.
Fixed: Changed index defragmentation method to account for multiple index levels.

Version 3.2.2
New: Added the option to use Windows Special Folders as storage location for configuration files.
New: Added a Security Settings Override with password protection.
New: Added buttons to Scheduler for easier determination of logfile location.
Enhanced: Replaced date formatting methods with native dotNet commands.
Enhanced: Decreased the SQL Server timeout from 15 to 5 seconds for database check.
Fixed: When selecting the report at top of the list, nothing happened.
Fixed: When selecting an empty row, Sequenchel no longer tries to get information from the database
Fixed: Main database settings were sometimes saved to the wrong configfile.
Fixed: Linked Server Subscriber setting was sometimes filled with wrong value.
Fixed: Sequenchel now deals correctly with GUID datatypes.

Version 3.2.1
New: Added Thicor logo as background to datagrids.
New: Added a "Back to definition" button on the report results pane for easier navigation.
New: Added a counter to display the time needed to complete a report.
New: Added "Command executed succesfully" status message when a report executes succesfully.
Enhanced: Replaced the icons on the buttons to make them more intuitive.
Enhanced: Added Tooltips to several buttons for more clarity.
Enhanced: Included some new tables in the Sequenchel Template.
Enhanced: Clear main search options now also clears selected saved search.
Fixed: Updating or deleting an item could process all items when no AUTOID field was present.
Fixed: Clear button now also clears selected search.
Fixed: Report Sort Order field was not automatically resized properly when adding more filtering lines.

Version 3.2.0
New: Datatype "AutoID" has been replaced by PrimaryKey and Identity. Sequenchel can now handle multiple Identities and composite Primary keys. This may require you to modify your configuration files. A Sequenchel template is provided.
New: Default button option for filling out fields with default values. The Thicor logo is used as a default button symbol.
New: Related fields can be shown on the main screen. For every relation with another table, you can choose a field from the second table to display.
New: Separation of settings over more config files to enable the administrator to place them in differen locations for enhanced security.
New: Options to prevent users from making changes to settings or configuration.
New: Options to prevent users from performing Insert, Update or Delete statements.
New: Option to prevent users from manually entering queries or changing the reporting query.
New: In Reports the friendly Alias of fields and tables is displayed in stead of the column and fully qualified table names.
Enhanced: "Save" buttons have been replaced by standard "OK", "Cancel" and "Apply" buttons.
Enhanced: "Add" and "Update" buttons have been replaced by "Add/Update" buttons. Sequenchel now automatically detects which you need.
Enhanced: The layout has been improved on several locations to make it more intuitive.
Enhanced: The sort order of data in the main screen is now according to the order of the columns, from left to right.
Fixed: When creating a connection, you can now only enter a login name and password when SQL Authentication is selected.
Fixed: When clicking a label the corresponding field no longer changes color when the field is disabled or not searchable.
Fixed: When reloading the complete list, the search fields are now correctly being reset.
Fixed: When adding fields to reports that resize the columns the labels are now correctly placed above the columns.

Version 3.1.3
New: Added WindowsVersion to Server Monitoring
Enhanced: Improved Linked Server handling for Linked Server names with domain names included.
Enhanced: Moved the LastErrorLogged update from reporting to monitoring to enable reporting the last batch more than once.
Fixed: Updated the template for Sequenchel tables to reflect the changes made to recent versions.
Fixed: Loading an incomplete XML file in the configuration window no longer crashes Sequenchel.
Fixed: Parameter names for SQL files % growth were incorrect (procedure monitor DataSpaces).
Fixed: Reports Display Mode didn't automatically add parentheses for MAX; MIN; etc.
Fixed: Export to XML sometimes crashed over NULL values.
Fixed: Some characters could fall off the reporting window if the screen resolution is low.

Version 3.1.2
New: Monitor DataSpaces now provides the commands to fix your databases over Linked Server connections, including file size and growth.
New: The option to monitor a specific SQL version or higher version than specified.
New: Added a table to store Object Owners for later reference and reporting.
Enhanced: Monitor DiskSpaces has lots of new fields with extra information.
Enhanced: Added a Job Prefix Name when creating schedules to easily group scheduled jobs.
Enhanced: NULL values are shown in different color.
Enhanced: Added an extra layer of filering on Errorlogs because the current filering would sometimes not be entirely successful
Fixed: Default server was displayed instead of host server after selecting an existing Linked Server.
Fixed: When creating more than 9 filters on 1 field, the filter was created but was unusable. Now the limit is 9 filters per field.
Fixed: Replaced safety check that wrongly filtered out rows where the first cell is DBNull.
Fixed: If a column had a higher sorting number than the number of columns, Sequenchel would loop in error. High values are now lowered to the maximum.
Fixed: Deleting Linked Servers would result in orphaned databases and backups. The orphaned records are now closed.
Fixed: Monitor Databases could not handle a property that changed and then changed back.

Version 3.1.0
New: Included configuration template for the Sequenchel database. Other templates can be included.
New: Added an interface for creating scheduled jobs for the Sequenchel procedures.
New: Added an interface for setting the locaton of the Settings file and the Connections file.
New: Addd the possibility to write logging to the database.
New: Added COUNT and AVG in SQL Reporting.
New: Added the possibility to export report results to XML.
New: Added the option to add functions in the filter-text field for reports. (prepend functions with f:)
Fixed: Unable to save files without folder specified. The default folder is the application folder.
Fixed: unable to update a field (table configuration) with empty numeric values.

Version 3.0.3
New: Added autodetection for relations when importing tables.
New: Added the option to import all tables of a database at once.
New: Added an interface with options to tune the Dataspace report.
Enhanced: Improved the storage method for relations to enable relation-autodetect.
Enhanced: Added options to the procedure "Monitor Dataspaces" to enable more control of what should be reported.
Enhanced: Renamed a lot of buttons so the name better reflects the function.
Fixed: Schemas didn't work well in Reports.
Fixed: Backups failed when using US date notation ( / ).
Fixed: Buttons on the main screen do no longer disappear when the window gets too small.

Version 3.0.2
New: Added the option to save / update / delete Searches on the main screen
Enhanced: Sequenchel can now handle multiple joins to or from the same table as long as the join type is the same for all tables involved.
Enhanced: Added the ability to work with schemas in case a table name or view name exists more than once.

Version 3.0.1
New: Added "IN", "NOT IN", "NOT LIKE", "IS", "IS NOT" in Reports.
New: Possibility to enter NULL in a report. "IS NULL" is treated differently from "= NULL".
New: Added feedback from queries if there is an error.
Enhanced: Improved query building in Reports with automatic placements of delimiters (quotes). The user does not need to enter delimiters.
Fixed: Report fields list showed everything twice.

Version 3.0.0
Renamed to Sequenchel Digital Bonus Application (SQL.[DBA])
Rewritten most of the procedures to streamline the experience

Version 2.8
Added Reporting module
Added the option to add or remove relations between tables
Fixed: Unable to update FieldName
Fixed: When multiple fields with the same name exist (across tables), the correct one is now updated

Version 2.7
Added License information and security
Improved adding new items to selected table with option to duplicate and edit an existing item
Added possibility to select text in disabled (text)fields
Improved scrolling with large column sets
Added Splash screen
Fixed several small bugs

Version 2.6
Added Linked Server creation
Added "Use top 1000" and "Reversed Sort Order"
Fixed several small bugs
Option to filter Search lists based on selected criteria

Version 2.5
Added Configuration window with:
Automatic lightweight detection of SQL Servers (limited to default instance, port 1433, browser enabled)
Listing of available databases
listing of Available tables
Automatic import of all columns of a table

Version 2.4
Added Database creation including procedures for monitoring
Added posibility to perform schema updates to main database

Version 2.3
Added minimal and query logging.

Version 2.2
Option to delete items from the database
Searchlists to facilitate searches

Version 2.1
option to update or add items to the database

Version 2.0
Dynamic Interface for viewing any table stored in XML files

Version 1
Initial release 
DBA Database
Database procedures for monitoring SQL Server
Interface for viewing contents of 1 table (Static; Server table only)